[terra-alert] Add deprecation notice. (#3379)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-alert/src/terra-dev-site/doc/alert/DeprecationGuide.2.doc.mdx

## Deprecation Notice
The terra-alert npm package is deprecated as of `4.51.0`. terra-alert will be removed from the repo in a future version, but the package will remain on npm.

### What deprecation means

> Any apps that currently use terra-alert will continue to work as-is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any app that currently uses terra-alert will continue to work as-is.
```
